Questions:

my classifications:
Cell 51 in Vid_1: "you got it almost done with this one five four three two and last one zero nice okay"
	Go in when to?



BODY UNDERSTANDABLE:

Shorten? Break up?
start in a side plank then kick the top light in front of you then bring the leg back and get into a tabletop position and kick the other leg up touching your hand
starting high planking then jump feet in and out and in again then get up and do another jump off the ground
all right we are headed to the ground we're gonna do a push up on your knees bring it up to a point touch the toes back to center 
if you want to modify this a little bit you can take it high and then just come slightly lower you don't have to go all the way to the full spot 
we are doing a beginner style 15 minute full body cardio workout with no equipment so all you need today is yourself and a little bit of space around you 
so your feet are just going to go side to side arms right by your side circling 


Combine?
drive it (with) up towards the ceiling
Its gonna be hop hop reach down hop hop reach down (with) hop hop
you are gonna grab (with) those dumbbells again
squat reverse lunge back to the (with) center


Breathing stance?
try to control your breathing nice big inhales and big exhales 
big inhale big exhale 
get that breath going that breath is gonna help with your movements 
you want to make sure you keep breathing 
big inhale big exhale 
I want a big exhale 
good big exhale 
big exhale each time
big exhale
breathe
big exhale 
big inhale big exhale as you take it down
have a big breath in 
big inhale


Confusing?
if you want to modify this if you're stepping into a half lunge here kind of together you can speed it up 
bring your knee up to a hip level and get your core 
don't forget you can modify this by doing a rise while you're jumping 
you want to chop those arms straight down the side of your body 
you're going to take the weight down in a plie squat
you're going to go back to that plie squat position 
i want your supporting leg want that knee to stay in line with that heel

When to AND stay in body based?
good two jumping jacks 
two jumping jacks coming down to center for a narrow squat 
four high knees 

when to?
we are going to have three mini circuits within our 15 minute workout
each of the exercises are going to be 30 seconds each
we're not going to be taking any rest at all during the next 15 minutes
I have a quick 10 minute workout for you today 
your first break take a sip of water if you need it but these are quick we're gonna move very shortly
so for this next 
we're going into circuit number three 
we have 24 exercises today 

otherwise?
the way that this workout is structured today is 

move to when?
just listen to my cue 



WHEN TO WORKOUT: 

body? actually in both
next we side plank with a kick down tabletop 
now we have be up with straight-leg crunch
mountain climbers is next 
now we have up and down with two jacks 
we have push-up toe tap next 
now we have squat with oblique crunch for one whole minute
now we have jumping jacks 
now we have double hop burpees 
get ready for some high knees 
let's start with butt kickers kick up your legs 
nice get ready to touch those toes 
getting ready to touch our toes 
getting ready to head to the ground 
starting back again with our jog
getting ready to touch opposite toes 
on to jumping jacks 
all right next up feet nice and wide touching opposite toe coming up for a jump
all right next up we're doing a jumping jack 
we're starting off nice and simple just with a jog in place
in in freeze 
now we have snowboarding jump squats and take a 90 degrees jump to the other side then do another squat 

move to body only:
down and up 
good reach for those toes down and up 
down and center 
out and in
give me that squat
down
down up 
and curl


otherwise? (time-based statement after all)
(okay last round) give it all you got 
good all right (that was circuit number two)


that was circuit number one we're gonna repeat circuit number one again and then we'll move into circuit number two

body? (time-based statement after all)
down and up (one two)
(going into circuit number two) 

both body and time
(we're starting off with those jogs marches and toe touch)


OTHERWISE:

body understandable?
squat down and do a 
twister punch as you get up 
now squat a little and take a little hop with one leg to the side
do it fast
do it as fast as you can 
now let's do some standing crunches 
now we have walking plank 
now flip around and have your elbow resting on a mat we are doing bicycles next
this works your abs
for low impact just do burpees with other jump
side step your arms just in front of you keep that
dumbbells back down and then switch legs 
other side row it back down 
one straight supporting leg flat 
chop it to the side press off the heel and switch sides all right 


break up?
we have lateral lunge up next bring one leg to the side and lunge down then bring back up to the center and jump up


combine?
you guys (with) are killing it looking so good 
your chest is gonna ????
so right now is when (with) you're gonna start to probably break a (with) sweat if you haven't already 

